Nadro/adhoc/e2e improvements (#4013)
KittyCAD/modeling-app: README.md

cargo test
```

### Mapping CI CD jobs to local commands

When you see the CI CD fail on jobs you may wonder three things 
- Do I have a bug in my code? 
- Is the test flaky? 
- Is there a bug in `main`?

To answer these questions the following commands will give you confidence to locate the issue.

#### Static Analysis

Part of the CI CD pipeline performs static analysis on the code. Use the following commands to mimic the CI CD jobs.

The following set of commands should get us closer to one and done commands to instantly retest issues.

```
yarn test-setup
```

> Gotcha, are packages up to date and is the wasm built?

```
yarn tsc
yarn fmt-check
yarn lint
yarn xstate:typegen
yarn test:unit:local
```

> Gotcha: Our unit tests have integration tests in them. You need to run a localhost server to run the unit tests.

> #### Integration Tests

Reviewer: We use the end to end/e2e nomenclature for playwright, could we stick to that?
```suggestion
#### E2E Tests
```

I think integration tests, test more than one system working together, but not the entire stack, so `src/lang/modifyAst/addFillet.test.ts` would 100% count as an integration test, but not a e2e test.

**Playwright Browser**

> These integration tests run in a browser (without electrion).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These e2e tests run in a browser (without electron).
```
